Clean up component README badges (#3119)
openremote/openremote: ui/component/or-translate/README.md

# @openremote/or-translate  \<or-translate\>
[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]

> Web Component for displaying a translated string based on the `18next` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Component for displaying a translated string based on the `i18next` library. This component requires an OpenRemote Manager to retrieve the locale files. 
```
